Address #54 (#74)
greenelab/iscb-diversity-manuscript: content/10.methods.md

The underlying data used for prediction are derived from the US Census.
We used only the surname of author or honoree to make predictions via the *predict_race()* function.

> However, in the case of names that were not observed in the census, the function's behavior was to use the average demographic distribution from the census.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, in the case of names that were not observed in the census, the function outputs the average demographic distribution from the census, which may produce misleading results.
```

> We modified the function to return a status denoting that results were inconclusive (NA) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid this suboptimal imputation, we modified the function to return a status denoting that results were inconclusive (NA) instead.
```
